In Home Alone 4: Taking Back The House the sequel to Home Alone 3.

Peter McCallister is going to have a divorce with his wife Kate McCallister and is going to remarry Natalie who is a rich woman and has servants at her command and she also has a
automated house which works with a remote her butlers are Molly and Mr. Prescott they have a big event in the house because the Royal Family is coming and Peter's children Buzz,Megan and
Kevin. Their father Peter comes home for a little while and hugs all of his children and he asks the children if he could talk to Kate, his previous wife, the children agree and Peter
gives her the dreading news that he is going to marry Natalie and file a divorce with Kate and she is hiding tears behind her eyes but she gives a fake smile and agrees and says that he
is going to have a new family and a happy family and then Peter asks her if he could take the children with him for a few days to which she says that he has to ask to the children for 
that so he goes to their room.

There all the children are sitting on the bed when Peter comes he tells them that there is a crown prince coming to Natalie's home and that would they like to come or not to which all of
them reply, "NO!" so he walks away to his home in the evening Kate tells her children tat she is going out for some work and that Megan had to go to the christmas pageant and Buzz
had to babysit Kevin but Buzz keeps asking her to go to the movies with his friends and that he could not babysit Kevin and Kevin also says, "Yes, please let him go." but his Mom will 
not hear any of it so Buzz stays at home to babysit Kevin an they start doing chores but when Kevin went to throw out the garbage, Buzz slams the metal lid of the garbage bin on his 
fingers and Kevin yelps louldly and goes into his room and then he collects all the laundry and when he is taking it downstairs Buzz throws it everywhere so Kevin sits there on the 
stairs when his mom comes and she sees Kevin's sad face she asks him what is wrong so he says that he does not like being the joker toy of Buzz and Megan but his mom just tells him that 
the world is cruel and that you have to learn to live in it.

But Kevin is offended and goes upstairs to his room and thinks about accepting his dad's invitation then he takes his piggy 
bank and sneaks out of the house and calls a taxi and tells him to drop him off at his dad's adress when he reaches there he hands over the piggy bank and tells him to keep the change
he says that it is all change and so he gets off and goes into the house where his dad and Natalie are. He hugs his dad and then Natalie calls out Molly from a remote then Molly comes 
and his dad and Natalie tell Molly to arrange the special guest room and then they take him there and he is in awe he has never seen such luxury there is arcade, a king-size bed keyboard
computer huge monitors and everything you can imagine.

This time instead of Harry and Marv we have Marv and his wife let's see what is their plan this time.

When I was watching this movie it was so good with luxuries beyond imagination and everything you wanted like chocolate milkshakes, Kevin asked for it and he got it my mouth was watering
and I wanted to have it for myself. Yummy milkshakes!. and chocolate with toast and tea and coffee, the best presents for christmas, ooh my God! Everything looked so delicious and tasty!
I just wish I was Kevin in that movie.

Watch the full movie to find out what happens next.
