In Home Alone 3.
The sequel to Home Alone 2: Lost In New York.
In this movie a international terrorist organaisation in North Korea have heard about the secret mission of the U.S Airforce their complany Axus which has developed a one of a kind chip 
it is top secret but someone in the Axus company told this to the North Korean terrorist organaisation about it this chip is special because if it is installed in a bomb it can destroy
everything near it so the organaisation decides to hire four people from U.S to help them get the chip.
They bribe a employee in Axus company to give them the chip he agrees and in the dead of night they get the chip when they are in the car they need to get back to North Korea but incase
the airport security saw the chip they would be arrested so they hid the chip in a remote control toy car to bypass the security and they do but they put the car in a packet which was
very common at the airport so they mixed up actually a old woman mistook it for her bag then one of the terrorist says to board the flight to Chicago because now was its boarding time so
they went to Chicago there the old lady went into the cab and they just missed it then one of the terrorist takes a photo of the number plate with a secret camera in his gloves they 
rented a house to track the cab and look at their luck they spotted the car immediately and they went their but it was a man who came out of the cab so they asked that where was the lady
and where did she live the old man told them where she lived and so they started to track.

We shift to a different scene, a boy called Alex is cleaning her drive way because snow is filled there and when he has done he asks for his payment but she says she does not have
anything but she does give him the remote control toy car which has the SECRET CHIP so he takes it the next day Alex is looking with his telescope and sees those terrorists but little 
did he know he saw them break into her house and they start searching for it but Alex calls the cops but the terrorists run away just in time and his mother and he also has to 
apologize to the cheif police so Alex says, "I'm sorry officer for being a good citizen" and he runs off to his room and started playing with it.

I fast-forward to the end of the story.

Alex again has a colorful chart paper and glasses on like a professional person he starts making the plans of THE BATTLE PLAN but this time a little more than just swinging cans this time.
Alex places a paint can filled with glue on the back door so no one would be able to open it she could not unlock it so she put her hand down from the other side and her hand was stuck but
she jumps of the door and again falls into the mud and "BHHAAAAAAM!" one of the pots fell on her head and she lay unconcious then she woke up and again the pot fell on her and she had got
enough injuries or were there more?
Then he takes some string from his room and ties it outside his house and takes some HIGH VOLTAGE equipment and ties it to the string and puts the board on it,
"DANGER HIGH VOLTAGE" but they thought it was a kid trick and they walked calmly on the string then suddenly "AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRGGGGGGHH!" they shouted and they fell face down
their pants burning and just behind the door little Alex is sitting with a spray can and one of them was to get entry from the window there was a metal chair and he sat on it and again
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH!" The chair also had high voltage equipment! and he gets off the chair and starts walking like a drunk man then he did not 
notice but his shirt was got on a fishing hook and that fishing hook triggered a HIGH POWER JET HOSE and suddenly "AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGG!" he was wet head to toe not
to mention but he was also burned head to toe.
Then they jumped over the red strings.

But I, I did not at all like when the movie came to end and I just like these type of movies I just wished that I were Alex in the story being cool and all and catching International 
Skilled Terrorists and handing them over to the cops having a cute mouse pet, Dofis and the best part I am Home Alone! catching those terrorists by myself cool yeah?
The best part of this story when two of the terrorists touched the red string they were like ghosts and shouting and burned their pants!
And the best part Alex built both funny and useful traps to catch those chip theives. 

Watch the full movie to find out what happens next.




