In the Kid Who Would Be King.
There is a little boy of 12-year-old whose name is Alexander Elliot.
He had got a science project in which he is going to learn about total-solar-eclipse.
One day his phone starts getting bombarded with messages and his best friend, Bedders was sending him the messages one message read "ALEX! WHERE ARE YOU I NEED YOUR HELP!" and Alex 
immediately started running to school there he finds the school bullies Kaye and Lance, Alex saw that Kaye was holding Bedders upside-down from the high school railing. Alex shouted and 
told them to let go of him so Kaye lets Bedders fall and Lance pushes Alex into the puddle and his science project got wet and Lance strided away then Alex ran at full speed and lunged 
at Lance and gave him a few strong punches on the head.

Then the principal sent those 3 to detention Lance, Alex and Bedders in the computer lab they are given punisment then Lance secretly shows Alex a few fingers on which he has written a 
few letters they spelled UR DED, Alex immediately got up and ran out with Lance and Kaye running towards him, Alex quickly dives into a construction site and hides there but Lance finds 
him and starts giving threats and they close around Alex, he slowly goes backwards a few more steps and he falls, Lance and Kaye look over there to their horror Alex was lying there not 
moving, the bullies think he is dead and they ran away but he was unconcious. He wakes up and explores the site then he finds a sword stuck in a large stone he pulls it out and sneaks 
out of the site with the sword and calls Bedders secretly to his home and shows him the sword, what Bedder thinks is that the sword is from the story the Sword In The Stone and both of 
them do not believe it and burst out with laughter the next day someone new arrives in school whose name is Merlin the real wizard who will be helping Alex defeat Morgana the evil 
sorceress had sworn an oath that whosoever would pull out the sword she would kill him or her to claim the sword and become King or Queen.

What I really like about this story that Merlin he is one of a kind wizard with extrodinary powers and also a funny guy because the more he becomes old the younger he will look and also 
when he sneezes he turns into a owl and the old pillar sort of thing actually he made it but the people in Britain think that some Roman King had built it but Merlin approached it. The
person who was to safe-guard it told him to stand back and was not supposed to go near it without police authorization but he nontheless goes there and makes a magic portal to the other
world.

I like this movie because it tells you about true freindship and creating your enemies as your friends and also never to leave each other's sides.
